Update path include/exclude spec and behavior (#37)
pixee/codemodder-specs: cli.md

- The only required field is `<project directory>`. However, this field is not required if running either `--help`, `--list`, `--describe`, or `--version`.
- You cannot legally specify any argument more than one time.
- If `--output` is given, it indicates the path where a codetf or diff file will be created (depending on the value of `--output-format`). Otherwise no output file is generated.

> - All codemod rules are loaded by default unless `--codemode-include` specifies a list.  `-codemode-exclude` works off all default codemods.

Reviewer: We need a linter rule in every repository for "codemode" 😂

}
```

## Path inclusion and exclusion

The `--path-include` and `--path-exclude` patterns are interpreted as relative to the given `<project directory>`. In practice this means that the patterns should be joined with the `<project directory>` when used internally and also when passed to external tools.

> In general, codemods that remediate the results of other tools should respect the file paths specified in findings by those tools. Explicit configuration provided by the user via `--path-include` and `--path-exclude` can be used to filter the applicable results. Remediation codemods should generally not impose their own defaults. The philosophy here is that an external tool has its own defaults and/or configuration, and this should be respected by codemodder.

Reviewer: Can we take a stronger stance here?

```suggestion
In general, codemods that remediate the results of other tools respect the file paths specified in findings by those tools. Explicit configuration provided by the user via `--path-include` and `--path-exclude` takes precedence over any defaults a codemod may define. Remediation codemods must not impose their own defaults: the philosophy here is that an external tool has its own defaults and/or configuration, and this should be respected by codemodder.
```
